docs: add user centric metrics to supported list (#842)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/supported-technologies.asciidoc

The RUM agent tries to capture the overall user experience on how the page is loaded/rendered as part of the page load Transaction.
It includes all of the dependent resources, like JavaScript, stylesheets, images, etc., which are included as part of the page. In addition

> to capturing the resource timing information as Spans, the transaction also includes navigation spans, marks that are associated with the rest

Reviewer: A comma doesn't really make sense here, but an em dash does.

```suggestion
to capturing the resource timing information as Spans, the transaction also includes navigation spans—marks that are associated with the rest
```

> to capturing the resource timing information as Spans, the transaction also includes navigation spans—marks that are associated with the rest
> of the captured information to make the waterfall more appealing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to capturing the resource timing information as Spans, the transaction also includes navigation marks that annotate important events on the transaction waterfall.
```

Author: We want to showcase both navigation spans and marks, The suggestion only takes marks in to account which is not correct. going to keep the previous version.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to rewrite this paragraph, IMO it's not clear what exactly is the functionality that is described. I think part of that is because we're trying to combining the navigation timing spans with the marks.

Author: @bmorelli25 Any ideas here?

Author: I am expanding this metrics section more on support and others, will tackle in that one. merging this PR as it is.

`Fire "load" event`::
Trigged when the browser finishes loading its document and dependent resources: `loadEventEnd` - `loadEventStart`.

`Time to first byte (TTFB)`::

> Duration from the browser making an HTTP request for the initial document to the first byte of the page being received. TTFB is avaialble from the Navigation Timing API as `reponseStart` timestamp and captured as transaction mark `transaction.marks.agent.timeToFirstByte` in the ES document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duration from the browser making an HTTP request for the initial document to the first byte of the page being received. TTFB is available from the Navigation Timing API as the `reponseStart` timestamp, and captured as transaction mark `transaction.marks.agent.timeToFirstByte` in the ElasticSearch document.
```

> Duration from the browser making an HTTP request for the initial document to the first byte of the page being received. TTFB is available from the Navigation Timing API as the `reponseStart` timestamp, and captured as transaction mark `transaction.marks.agent.timeToFirstByte` in the ElasticSearch document.

Reviewer 2: Should probably mention that it's relative to the `fetchStart` instead of an absolute timestamp.

Author: Probably it a wrong place, we should inform this as part of page-load transaction.

`Fire load event` Span or from the Transaction marks available as `transaction.marks.agent.domComplete` in the Elasticsearch document.

[float]
[[user-centric-metrics]]

> === User-Centric Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== User-centric Metrics
```

> To understand the performance characteristics of a web page beyond the page load and how the user perceives performance, the agent supports capturing the responsiveness metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the performance characteristics of a web page beyond the page load and how the user perceives performance, the agent supports capturing these responsiveness metrics.
```

> `First contentful paint (FCP)`::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`First Contentful Paint (FCP)`::
```

Focusses on the initial rendering and measures the time from when the page starts loading to when any part of the page's content is displayed on the screen. Captured as transaction mark for `page-load` transaction.

> `Largest contentful paint (LCP)`::

Reviewer 2: The same with the capital letter since it's abbreviated

Author: I just changed everything based on @bmorelli25 suggestion 

> We try to use sentence case in the docs, so I've added suggestions for that below.
